In the last video, we built out our client image on our local machine.
Now that this has been built, I'm going to push it up to Docker Hub.
So I'm going to do a Docker push.
Steven Grider Slash Client.
Remember, if you are using Kubernetes on Google Cloud, you do not have to run this command.
Okay.
So I'm going to run that and let it do its thing.
While that's running, I'm going to go back over to my terminal where we're going to start to write
out a pretty good amount of configuration.
So we want to get our client running inside of our Kubernetes cluster.
There are a couple of things we have to do to get that happening.
First off, we need to make sure that we create a new deployment config file inside of our directory.
This deployment config file is going to be just about identical in nature to the one we already wrote
out for our authentication deployment.
We're then going to make sure that we add a config entry to our scaffold YAML file, particularly inside
this artifact section.
Remember, the artifact section is going to set up some code syncing.
So we're going to make sure that any time we make a change to some JavaScript files inside of our client
directory, those changes get sent into the pod that is running our client image.
And then finally we want to be able to access this next gen application from inside of our browser.
So in other words, we need to somehow make requests from outside of our cluster and get them correctly
routed inside of it.
You'll recall that we were using Ingress Engine for that, so we've got the Ingress XB file inside of
our K directory.
This is where we are listing out all of our config to specify routing rules inside the cluster for incoming
requests from the outside world.
So in total, three things for us to do.
Let's get started right away.
I'll first begin by going to my K directory.
Inside there, I'm going to make a new file called client dash devel html.
Again, the client config file or the client deployment file is going to look just about identical in
nature to the authentication one.
Just everywhere we have the word off pretty much just gets changed over to client.
So let's write this out very quickly.
I'm going to put in an API version of apps v one.
A kind of deployment.
We'll put in a metadata section with the name of client dash devel.
I'll then put in a spec to describe exactly how this deployment is supposed to behave.
I'm going to put in replicas of one because I only want to be running a one single pod or my next application
when we're in this kind of development environment.
I'll put in a selector with the Match Labels app client.
Then on the same level of indentation as selector, we'll put in the template.
And remember this template section describes exactly how every pod that is created and managed by this
deployment should behave.
So I going to put in a metadata here as well.
With labels of app client.
Remember this metadata section right here?
And this selector section right here is how the deployment is going to find the set of pods that is
supposed to manage.
Then on the same level of indentation as metadata, will put in a spec to describe how every pod should
behave.
So we're going to say that every pod is going to have a container section.
We only want to have one container and we're going to give it a name, a simply client.
And also the image that we wanted to run.
So in this case, my Docker ID slash client.
Quick reminder, if you are making use of Google Cloud for your Kubernetes cluster, you are not going
to put in this format of image right here.
Instead, you're going to put in that kind of GCR, IO or something like that.
You can see the format of that or get a reminder of what the format looks like by going back over to
your C double file.
So go back over there and you'll see the format that you are supposed to use.
It's supposed to be something like GCR, IO or something and then your project ID and then the name
of the actual pod or image they were trying to run.
Okay.
So that is it for the deployment.
But remember, after getting the deployment, we also need a service to allow requests inside the cluster
to get access to this pod.
So we're going to write out that service at the bottom of the file.
I'll put in a dash, dash, dash at the very bottom.
And we're going to create our cluster IP service.
They'll put in an API version of V one.
A kind of service.
Metadata with the name of client CRV.
And then our spec section.
We're going to add in a selector of app client and remember the selector right here is how the service
is going to find the pods that it is supposed to govern request to.
After selector, we'll then specify the list of ports that we want to allow access to.
We're going to have one port.
I'll give it a name of client.
Remember the name here?
Not super important on the actual port.
It's really just for logging and reporting purposes.
Our protocol will be TCP.
But the port of 3000 and a target port of 3000.
Why are we using 3000 here?
Well, as you just saw at your terminal a moment ago, as we started up, our next application in the
development environment directly on our machine, you saw that next to us by default license on port
3000.
So that's why we are putting it here.
All right, so let's save this file now.
As soon as we save this file, scaffold is going to detect that we've added a new config file to arcade's
directory.
So if we go back over to the terminal window running scaffold, we should see something that says ah
ha, found this thing and created some deployment and some service.
Now just, you know, after you apply or after scaffold applies this file, you might see an air, a
big red air, something it says cannot find.
Image your docker ID, blah, blah, blah.
If you see something like that, chances are you have not finished pushing your image.
The initial bill that we just put together to Docker Hub.
So if you get that really big error message, all you have to do is stop scaffold with the control,
see?
And then start it back up with Scaffold Dev and you'll want to do that after you have pushed the image
successfully to Docker Hub.
And then after that we should see our off come back up.
And very shortly we should see some logs coming from the client as well.
Okay.
So that gets at least the pod created.
But there are still two other things we have to go through.
Remember, inside of our scaffold HTML file, we have to set up file synching by listing out our client
project as a build artifact.
So I'm going to just go ahead and copy the existing block here.
And paste it down.
I'm then going to fix our indentation, so I'll find the dashed image.
And make sure it's on the same level of indentation as image above it.
I'll then go through this copy paste right here and update off to client.
I'll update the context to client.
And then the only other thing we have to change is the directory or the file set to attempt to sync.
So remember on the Scaffold Project, we're going to be trying to sync JavaScript files and in addition,
inside this client directory we do not have a ESC folder to watch.
So we're going to change CRC right here.
Two star star star James.
And then we'll save that file.
Okay.
Very last step.
Remember, we need to update our ingress configuration.
So inside my directory, I'll find the ingress service config file.
So we need to add in a new path that users can visit and have all requests that go to some particular
path routed off to our client service.
So I'm going to add in a new entry at the bottom here.
Of path slash and then question mark.
Parentheses star.
Well, then put in a back end with the service name of client service.
And a service port of 3000 as well.
Now something really important to understand here we are listing out inside this path an array of different
paths.
Whenever a request comes in to ingress Engine X, it's going to attempt to match the path of that incoming
request to the paths we've listed out inside of here in order.
So that means that first the incoming request is going to attempt to be matched against that path right
there.
If it does not match that path, it will then be attempted to be matched against this one.
The one that we just had in in right here is essentially a catch all, if just about any path request
comes in.
This little red x right here is always going to capture it.
So we want to make sure that we always first list out our very particular APIs for our different services.
And then only if we do not capture a request against any of these different services do we want it to
eventually be forwarded on to the client service.
So we're always going to make sure that we list out the client service at the very, very bottom, because
if we listed at the top, then any incoming request would always be matched against this one, which
is definitely not what we want.
So I'm going to save this file as well.
And now finally, after all that, we should be able to go over to our terminal.
And in the window running scaffold.
Hopefully you will now see some output from the client pod.
Looks like I've got it right here.
If you are seeing an error message of any sort, by far.
First thing you want to do is stop scaffold and start it back up.
After it looks like everything is running or even if you see a warning or something like that, let's
test this out very quickly.
To do so, we should be able to go back over to our browser and remember how we access our development
server or our Kubernetes cluster.
We're going to go to ticketing dot dev.
So if I go to ticketing Dev, I will see the next JSP page up here on the screen of landing page.
Awesome.
Remember, if you get a security warning, we just want to bypass that because it's chrome jumping in
when we really don't want it to do so.
You can either click on advance at the bottom and try to bypass the security warning.
Chances are, however, there will not be a bypass link inside there.
So to really bypass that screen, you can type directly onto your keyboard.
This is unsafe and it should bypass the HTTPS error.
So now we can see our landing page.
And if we try to go to banana, we should see the banana page as well.
Cool.
All right.
So now we've got this all wired up.
Quick pause right here and continue in just a minute.